ah there you are Parker everything going
well
yes mr. wall good time for a little
experiment mr. Vaughn I don't think you
should we must try the Machine Gregory
but it's dangerous it would be even more
dangerous if we didn't try it we must be
sure we have an effective weapon against
asylum you're not going to try them one
of them why not revive it just enough to
bring it out of its cocoon yes sir
now Wrigley connect the professor's
machine mr. Vaughn please connected
what emotions I induce fear let's see
how the Cybermen will react to fear
increase the power I warned you the
machine isn't ready yet swimming the
others into the sewers let it go it's
got Matt it could kill the song
possibly but I think we've proved that
the professor's machine can be effective
get into work on this Gregory I want to
twice as much power and icons
directional control why not well
anything against its way good anyone
fall enough to be down those who was
disaster die